
---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Tech Minds Meetup
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2025-02-13
published: false
labels:
  - ESLint
  - VScode
  - Learning
---



On February 12th, I stumbled into the PACE Tech Minds meetup, at around 5 p.m. on Hawaii Time. Since i came in late I missed the intro, but I caught the gist: It was like speed-dating for tech professionals, where you have 15 minutes to chat with someone before moving on to the next. And, of course, there was food from Zippy’s. I resisted the urge to dive in immediately because, well, I was about to do a lot of talking.

My first conversation was with Susanne Devore, a Computational Linguist and Data Scientist. She works on AI-driven language-learning apps, kind of like Duolingo but with more AI learning behind it. She told me she loves the mix of linguistics and math, which made me think: Math and language? That’s seems like a perfect fit for her! We were later joined by a guy from the construction industry—let's call him Chris (because that was probably his name, right?). Chris mentioned that computer science isn’t often associated with construction, but he had some cool insights. He was talking about how VR is used for site planning—creating slopes and such. He seemed surprised that I knew about construction, and we had a fun chat about the industry.

Next up, I met Aaron Goodman, co-founder of a company called Zero. Aaron's company works like a cool “interweb” (or something), where people can surf the web through them, sort of like geocaching. He’s deep into Typescript and told me it’s not the language that's the problem but the tools around it. Apparently, they’re like “duct tape and gum,” which, let’s be honest, sounds like a lot of tech in real life. We also discussed UI design, which he thinks is a field full of opportunity for people who get both engineering and design (guess who he said was a match ).

Then, I got to chat with Brody Uehara, a UH grad and software engineer, and Sean Feeney, who was actually the colleague Susanne recommended I talk to. Sean also started a language-learning app, which got us on the topic of AI in the workplace. We geeked out about AI tools—specifically ChatGPT vs. Claude—and how the Chinese version of ChatGPT is apparently way better at coding. Sean was super interested in my communication skills and suggested I help out with his design feedback. I was like, “Sure, I’d love to intern!”

The final person I spoke to was Ryley Higa, a machine learning engineer. The key takeaway from our conversation? The ethical dilemmas of AI. We talked about how AI can sometimes not do what you want, which sounds both terrifying and fascinating.

All in all, the event was eye-opening. I walked away with a ton of new knowledge about tech careers, from construction to machine learning, and had great conversations with people who really knew their stuff. Plus, I didn’t starve thanks to Zippy’s. I left feeling motivated and inspired, with some potential LinkedIn connections to boot. Tech, here I come!
